Finale workflow 101 net (#4)
temporalio/edu-101-dotnet-code: README.md

## Examples for Self-Study

| Directory Name         | Description                                                                    |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `samples/retry-policy` | [Example of a Workflow that has a custom Retry Policy](./samples/retry-policy) |

## Reference

The following links provide additional information that you may find helpful as you work through this course.

- [General Temporal Documentation](https://docs.temporal.io/)
- [Temporal .NET SDK API Reference](https://dotnet.temporal.io/)
- [.NET SDK Reference](https://github.com/temporalio/sdk-dotnet/)
- [C# Language Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)
- [GitPod Documentation: Troubleshooting](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/troubleshooting)

## Exercise Environment for this Course

You can launch an exercise environment for this course in GitPod by clicking the button below:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/temporalio/edu-101-dotnet-code)

Alternatively, you can follow

> [these instructions](https://learn.temporal.io/getting_started/dotnet/dev_environment/) to set up your own Temporal Cluster with Docker Compose, which you can use as an exercise environment.

Reviewer: That link doesn't have Docker Compose instructions
```suggestion
[these instructions](https://learn.temporal.io/getting_started/dotnet/dev_environment/) to set up your own Temporal Cluster with the `temporal` CLI, which you can use as an exercise environment.
```
